ColBERT FastEmbed docs revamp + a couple of fixes (#1239)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/fastembed/fastembed-colbert.md

# How to Generate ColBERT Multivectors with FastEmbed

Qdrant supports [multivector representations](https://qdrant.tech/documentation/concepts/vectors/#multivectors). 

> With FastEmbed, you can use ColBERT to generate multivector embeddings; FastEmbed will provide an optimized pipeline to utilize these embeddings in your search tasks.

Reviewer: It feels like these 3 statements lack a connection link between them

Reviewer 2: I might have written this back in the day, but it's too dry. A more detailed explanation for regular people is needed.

ColBERT produces one vector per token (a `token` is a meaningful text unit for a machine learning model). Consequently,

> ColBERT is more precise than dense embedding models like `BAAI/bge-small-en-v1.5`, which embed a whole text into just a single vector. 

Reviewer: I think this sentence should be extended to highlight the idea: ColBERT produces one vector per token, which allows it to preserve more contextual information comparing to ...
Otherwise, it might be perceived as:
ColBERT produces one vector per token => ColBERT is more precise

Reviewer: imho, claims like /is more precise/, /requires significantly more resources/, etc., are too confident, and assumes that it is true in all the cases, however, it might not be true. Instead, I would suggest using something like it might be more precise in some cases, it in general requires more resources, etc.

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning, that colbert might be a powerful retriever. 
Otherwise, we are speaking about colbert as a good reranker, but provide an example of it being first-stage retriever.

For the same reason, ColBERT requires significantly more resources than dense embedding models, so it should be primarily used for reranking rather than first-stage retrieval.
A simple dense retriever can retrieve around 100-500 examples at the first stage; then, you can rerank them using ColBERT, moving the most relevant results to the top.

> ColBERT is a more production-suitable choice of a reranking model than [cross-encoders](https://sbert.net/examples/applications/cross-encoder/README.html).

Reviewer: It's a claim, which might not be true, it depends on the use case, e.g. ColBERT consumer more memory and there are cases when memory is a bottleneck

# How to Generate ColBERT Multivectors with FastEmbed

## ColBERT

> ColBERT is an embedding model that produces a matrix (multivector) representation of input text; it generates one vector per token (a `token` is a meaningful text unit for a machine learning model). 
> This embedding way allows ColBERT to capture deeper input semantics than many dense embedding models, which embed a whole input into just a single vector. 
> However, at the same time, storing multiple vectors per input usually leads to higher resource consumption, such as increased memory usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ColBERT is an embedding model that produces a matrix (multivector) representation of input text, generating one vector per token (a token being a meaningful text unit for a machine learning model). This approach enables ColBERT to capture more nuanced input semantics than many dense embedding models, which represent an entire input with a single vector. By leveraging more granular input representations, ColBERT becomes a strong retriever. However, this advantage comes at the cost of increased resource consumption compared to traditional dense embedding models, both in terms of speed and memory.
```

> So, even if ColBERT can be a powerful retriever, storing multivectors for all the entities in your data might be too costly. Therefore,
> we recommend using it mainly for reranking on a small retrieved set of data rather than first-stage retrieval. A simple dense retriever can retrieve around 100-500 examples at the first stage; 
> then, you can rerank them using ColBERT, moving the most relevant results to the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Despite ColBERT being a strong retriever, it's speed limitation might make it less suitable for large-scale retrieval tasks. As a result, we recommend using ColBERT primarily for reranking a small set of already retrieved examples, rather than for first-stage retrieval. A simple dense retriever can initially retrieve around 100-500 candidates, which can then be reranked with ColBERT to bring the most relevant results to the top
```

{"movie_name": "Some Like It Hot", "movie_watch_time_min": 121, "movie_description": "After two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in."},
{"movie_name": "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs", "movie_watch_time_min": 83, "movie_description": "Exiled into the dangerous forest by her wicked stepmother, a princess is rescued by seven dwarf miners who make her part of their household."},
{"movie_name": "It Happened One Night", "movie_watch_time_min": 105, "movie_description": "A renegade reporter trailing a young runaway heiress for a big story joins her on a bus heading from Florida to New York, and they end up stuck with each other when the bus leaves them behind at one of the stops."},
{"movie_name": "Nefes: Vatan Sagolsun", "movie_watch_time_min": 128, "movie_description": "Story of 40-man Turkish task force who must defend a relay station."},
{"movie_name": "This Is Spinal Tap", "movie_watch_time_min": 82, "movie_description": "Spinal Tap, one of England's loudest bands, is chronicled by film director Marty DiBergi on what proves to be a fateful tour."},

> {"movie_name": "Let the Right One In", "movie_watch_time_min": 114, "movie_description": "Oskar, an overlooked and bullied boy, finds love and revenge through Eli, a beautiful but peculiar girl."}]

Reviewer: Just an idea: we could hide it under a spoiler to save some space on the page, but can be left as is

Reviewer 2: @mrscoopers for the hamburger functionality, use this code

<details>

<summary> Content </summary>

</details>
